or the pressure in a world to be back
with you again excuse me
disappearance the truth is that I already study
38 weeks and it's costing me a lot
more besides that in the end I without syndromes
It's complicated for me because I have a lot
I work besides I'm preparing
everything to receive my baby but what
important that I am here and I am super
happy to demonstrate in this video that
Well I hope you like it is how to use
socks and leggings during pregnancy
First of all, tell them that the
Black leggings is the fundamental thing that you
you can put during your pregnancy so much
if you live in a cold climate like in a
warm weather and I would recommend that you
buy some special leggins of
pregnant as the tickets I will prove
in this video since they cover you
completely the tummy in addition to what
good thing about these lanes is that you can
use after pregnancy also since
they are going to create well they are not going to stay
a little higher than normal but
they are comfortable
that is, it is a super comfortable basic garment
combinable that you always look good and
you can use it on any occasion
at any time why I bought myself
my lane
in two parking lots that is a web page and
it is a store
the land where they also ship to
anywhere in the world and have a
maternity line they sell you line
they sell jeans they sell you socks for
summer as for winter I will put the
link below this store that is
very good first of all the first tip
What I have is if you are going to wear leggings
both blacks of a single color or
prints during pregnancy you
I would recommend that always always always
above, use clothes that cover you
completely cover the tail this you
will allow you to look more stylized with
much more form and apart from hiding
some imperfections that you do not want
of your body so you 're going to see pretty and
comfortable and very feminine in pregnancy
I can pass is that you use garments
superimposed like the one I'm going to
show at this time you can do it
with clothes that have something that is
single-color smooth combined
yes or also have prints of
any way it looks very pretty
m
d
dt
and everything
i
do not
one more time
but not
good
Regarding the stockings, I advise you
you wear dresses with a cut in the
chest below the chest and that are not so
short because this makes your figure
stylize and look much more elegant
and much more your tummy looks and I see you
if I 'm going to show you 11 suites to
continued that I put on stockings
color and with details but also what
You can use this same dress with
stockings of a single color or with stockings
black even more that looks super cute and
I'm also going to present you an outfit that
you can use stockings with shorts that I
I wrote it to a very subscriber
rightly and I tried it and I loved it
I'm also using it with stockings
with details but you can use it
like them smooth or one color
smoked and it looks really good
n
yes
by me
one
do not
do not forget, please give it there
likes to subscribe to my channel and
visit my facebook and my blog
thank you very much for looking again one
kiss and until the next video
I do not have clicks